okay you're gonna think this is very
stupid I saw you inside before and I
kept trying to imagine things about your
life don't you do that sometimes but
like when you're sitting just watching
people and
trying to imagine what they do and where
they come from how many people live here
know I did change it all the Sun let's
go
I feel absolutely everything
look like you had a great time me
what are so many books on the wrong
shelf space I think it's okay it gets
people to chance to buy something
totally random and unexpected
I wonder how long we could stay like
this don't stop the pounding I think
what do you feel like doing nothing
maybe something I'm just having this
strange feeling like I'm a teenager
again
[Music]
I think I met someone nice last night
boy I'll go girl
[Music]
ha
as Australia doesn't have your heart
that you care
lady see the circus animal currently
probably killed in the desert for me to
see pop aqua visit a certain meaning it
do segond exactly promotion d'hubert
Hawker Siddeley la banda external shock
Cosmo Educare Lisa you know it's not
slamming it pretty the same way smart
idea the piece relational super
systematic monomer is Jericho
excuse me - easy - maestro Sola to live
yard
[Music]
on the street can you feel the walk into
the store
[Music]
[Applause]
no future
when the Taniya quadratus through an
accident this for a father superior with
something on alloted I didn't look like
a parabola
oh you haven't in a body
nevertheless chemical Valley now I said
you don't consider stuff what